1.2
1) add project screen is not canceble, esc does not work cancel button not present 
2) Slug is internal and has not value for user , suggest to add only in debug / development mode 
3) delete during scanning does not stop scan 

1.3
1) Missing navigation using arrows (may be not planned but neccesary)
2) project rename functionality is required. 

1.5 
1) 2 projects named Test created with not error. 

2.2 
1) Thumbnail creation is not per project visible when switching project 

2.5
Missing selection of non concequtyve items in stack view (for example using ctrl + click) or s for select stack. 


2.6
1) Pressing esc move to project view instead stack view.

2.8 
1) Order of appearance is random better to be sequential (or for example it will appear in the order of Thumbnail creation)

2.x 
Note the stacks view should have some indication that stack is in progress i.e. started selection process and not finished. 
Which brings more general question round is per stack or global ? i think it should be per stack. merged stack should start new round cycle afte merge ? not sure that is correct need your analysis and suggestion. 

3.2
1) Round status is not updated all is undecided in same time 3/3 decided, why we have double indication ? 
2) not mechanism to clear selection i.e no way to back to undecided 
3) in some case after navigation first photo get red ring 
4) identification of selection expected to be frame ring and not dot. 

3.6
1) ok descirbed behaviour is working but does not make sense , the only visible change is that kept/eliminated/undecide got correctly updated. i would expect that after commit eliminated photos will go away and status get cleared. 

4.1 
1) i don't see any difference in background , not sure it's important 
2) camera params is not clear it shows data mixed with -- i don't think it's represent missing just not properly replaced 
3) for sony camera exif information is not extracted (~/ssd_disk/photo/venice 2026/lina/100MSDCF) Unitest for supported camera is required.

4.2 
Same as before clear decision (move to undecided) is required 

4.5. 
Not sure that commit from single photos is useful, stack level commit is more useful. 
